  But depite what we'd look like we did it. Luckily they got out and I went home but Percy, thats a different story. The next day I didn't see Percy at school today. Probably cause we ended up resolving this whole thing after all. But i'm stil never going back there again. Or am I, now that I found out i'm an ocean daughter and all, even if I have to go back I would make a big sceen about it and would be quiet but still cry in the car, if I do end up going.
At school I couldn't stop thinking about what happend in the last week or so. I missed three days of school and the few days and when did go I was a huge mess. Everyone was probably worried about me. When I entered I felt akward and everyone was running up to me like I was dead and just came back to life.
  I hate attention like that and that was only the start of school not even first period yet. I immeaditly wanted go home but my home wasn't exactly my home anymore. My mom was probably freaking out. I heard there was a search party in the middle of town the same day I left. That was probably for me and if I were to come home randomly my mom would probably have a heart attack. After the first half of the day there was a fight in the middle of the hallway. The worst part is that there was teachers but they just stood there and watched. Sometimes I wonder if there are teachers there or if i'm just seeing things. After school I had nowhere to go. I couldn't really go home without having my mom possibly dying of shock and having it be my fault. Luckily Victoria as with me. We both decided to hangout at the libary again. I feel that's where we always go after school. I neven knew why though it's just our go-to after school. 
  Finally, Victoria said I should return home. I was very nervous after hearing that. But I trusted her which was a  huge mistake because when I walked in that door, my mom saw me and fainted. I was just annoyed about it now because everyone I know has fainted at least once in the past two weeks events. Mainly my friend group of me, Percy, and Victoria. I didn't even try to help her. Of course Victoria got mad about that. I can see why, she is my mom after all, but that i'snt an exuse to not be annoyed about eveyone fainting in the past two weeks.
  "Mar, what are you doing just standing there go call 911!" yelled Victoria in stress
  "I DON'T EVEN KNOW WHERE MY PHONE IS!" I yelled back just trying to make an exuse to not call 911.'
  "THEN GO LOOK FOR IT STUPID AIRHEAD!" Victoria yelled at me again now both annoyed at me and stressed.
  So I quickly dorpped my bag and dumped eveything out trying to find my phone, but someone at school stole it.
  "OH COME ON! WHY NOW!?" I yelled now me and Victoria stressed about my mom.
  "WHAT ARE YOU DOING HURRY UP AND GET YOUR PHONE NOW SHECOULD DIE ANY SECOND SHE COULD HAVE EVEN DIED ALREADY BECAUSE OF YOU!" yelled Victoria now upset at me mostly and forgot about my mom.
  I ran out of the house not thinking about anything and just let myself run as far as I could until I felt a hand grab my mouth. I screamed but when I looked up I saw Percy. He let me go and asked
  "what are you doing just running out on the streets like this you could get killed knowing how powerful you are!" asked Percy worried about me. 
  "I-I need something and I need it now otherwise my mother- my mother she's gonna die!" I said trying to catch my breath.
  "ok hold on sit down for a minute and breath for a second your gonna be fine" He told me.
  "NO SHE...SHE NEEDS MY HELP I-I CAN'T STICK AROUND EVEN FOR A SECOND!" I said starting to cry.
  Then I shoved him away and started running again. Concerned Percy went to my house to see what's going on. He found Victoria crying while my mom still passed out on the ground. I think when he saw what was going on in the house htat he understood why I was so stressed out about trying to find my phone.
