I wanted to smack him but I didn't I figuerd he was telling the truth which made me rethink my whole life. Even though I havent even gotten a chance to live it yet. 
"wait so you werent trying to kill me the whole time?" I askee reasurringly.
"no of course not, did it really take you this long for you to finally realize that?" replied Percy.
"so were good then right?"
"yeah but were's Victoria?"
"what do you mean?"
Then I noticed she was gone. I thought she went to class or the libary. But Percy thought she got abducted by something. It was possible, it could be that she got abducted to lure me in cause they knew I would go try to save her. 
"do you think we should try to look for her?" I asked.
"we? you just found out that your an ocean daughter and you already think you know how to harvest control over your powers?" said Percy a little worried about my confidence.
"well perhaps I could learn as we go" I said thinking it totally going to work.
"yeah, no i'll take you somewhere where no one goes so I can teach some basics about being what you are but your not even close to trying to save people"
Then I felt my shirt tug and I was pulled back. Then I saw pitch black again. I wondered how many times I have to be knocked out this week cause this was like the tenth time. When I got up, me, Percy, and Victoria were tied to a huge rock. 
"OH COME ON, NOT AGAIN!" yelled Percy in anger.
"wait this happend to you before?" I asked
"yeah, like five times it has" Percy replied
 "so then you know how to get us out of this, right?" I asked sure that he would say that he could.
"I think so, its different every time" He told me now a little annoyed at the stuiation.
Then I realized that's where Victoria was the whole time. At least we found her. Now we just had to get out of here safely but I could tell that was going to be hard. Three people with only one person that knows how to deal with a stuiation like this but we could all get killed at any second now. I tried to wake Victoria up, at least so I can know if she was dead or not. Thankfully she wasn't. By the time she realized whats going on Percy had already untied both of us. 
"come on we have to go now before it comes again" said Percy hurriedly. 
"what do you mean by it?" asked Victoria in total confusion.
Now I was wondering what he ment by "it" But I trusted him once again, even after all thats happend lately. 
"COME ON WE HAVE TO GO!" yelled Percy again frustrated.
Me and Victoria were running for our lives even though we didn't really know what we were running from. I just followed everyone else. We started to see the ocean water which only ment one thing. We have been taken to an island in the middle of nowhere. To me and Victoria this was the most scary moment of our life, but for Percy this was nothing compared to was he's been through. For a moment I dazed out until Victoria took me back to earth. One moment were running as fast as humanly possible and the next moment were on a good looking abandoned boat. Once we were sailing we asked what Percy ment by "it" He said that he saw a huge bird mixed with pig fly over the other side of the island.
I had a feeling it had to do with something about the inscident at that camp which i'de never go back to. So I told Percy, he didn't belive me at first but then something cliked in both of our heads. That's when it made since. Me and Percy were trying to understand what happend but Victoria seemed to be hurt. I asked her if she was ok. But she said that she had a really bad heachache.
A few seconds later she passed out. I wondered how many times are we all going to faint this week. I told Percy that she wasn't ok and that she needed help as soon as possible. Now we were both having the same pain right after I said that. The next thing I know I was in a hospital room with no one there. I was confused. My head hurt like crazy and the last thing I remembered was that Victoria needed help.
Then some random lady came in to ask how I was. I thought she was a doctor but she wasn't. I knew I reconized her but I didn't know who she was. My head was really fuzzy and I felt like my soul was going to burst any moment now. I wondered where Percy had been taken. If he was tooken back to his place or if he was in a different room. Probably the second one cause no one knows him, he's not super famous or anything. Later that night I got out of bed to go look for Percy. I found him in an empty room with nothing but walls. I shook his sholder hoping he would respond. It took him a minute but he was ok. Then we both went to go look for Victoria. It took the same prossce. But getting out was the hard part. We would be like menatal hospital paients eascaping at two in the morning. 
