The next morning I was so scared yet confused about what happened in my dream. It was that I was with Victoria and we were walking around in a forest where we saw a glowing purple light in the middle of the trail. Victoria went to pick it up but I told her not to she didn't listen though. When she picked it up it floated towards me. So I ran while Victoria was shouting "why are you running away from it, if it floats to you when someone else picks it up then it must be for them only!"
"what if I don't want it though!" I yelled back.
"just at least try talking to it or something" Victoria said oviously curious about it.
So I let the light rest in my hands. Then immeatiatly it turned into a plain and simple note. 
"read it come on don't be scard" encouraged Victoria
 So I opened it up ans it said. 
"Dear Marina, if your reading this I just want you to at least know, you are not who you think you are. You must try to find out who you are once you do don't trust anyone even your mother"
Then the letter ended. I wondered what that letter ment by "you are not who you think you are" I wondered if it was possible to end up like Percy Jackson who's a friend of mine. He's had something like that happen to him too ( you'll know what I mean if you've read the sires) So I called him. When he answered he said 
"this is camp half-blood how may we help you?"
So I said 
"hey Percy, its me Marnina Delmar"
"oh hey Mar how are you?"
"not that good"
"oh really? why?"
"you know how you get weird dreams whenever someones in danger"
"yeah what about it?"
"I think i'm in a simmeler sutiation"
"no way, your lying"
"I wish, I was Percy"
"i'll be right back i'm gonna ask Chiron about this, he should know"
"ok"
When he came back, he sounded worried, like very worried. "Marina I think your gonna need to come here i'll tell you what I heard when you get here ok?" said Percy.
"ok" I said before I hung up.
Then I asked my mom if I could go see Percy for a little bit. Thankfully she said yes. Victoria asked if she could come. I said she could but I didn't know if Percy would approve. But I brought her anyways. 
"so why are we going to Percy's home?" asked Victoria.
"I don't know, he wanted me to see him" I replied feeling kinda bad for lying to my best friend, but it was for a good reason.
Or so I thought it was. When we got there he started running up to us. 
"ok so whats up with this whole thing about dreaming" I said.
"come i'll tell you but we have to go in privet which means Victoria will have to stay here" said Percy.
"ok fine" after five minutes of walking we finally got to our spot.
He asked me about the dream I had. So I told him each and every detail from the light to the letter. After I told him he was very scard for me. He even told me to come with him to talk to Chiron. Even though i've never met him before. Once we got there I was kinda shy. You would think I would be scard of his half horse half human thing. But Percy already told me about that. 
"well hello Percy" greeted Chrion.
"hey, this is that girl I told you about" said Percy.
"ah, yes, I see that, she looks like someone I know"
"please not now this is searious"
"ok let me talk to her alone please"
"ok tell me when your done"
Then Percy left me with the horse guy. 
"so I hear your having dreams?" asked Chiron.
"um yes" I replied very nervously. 
"so tell me what you dremt last night"
After I told him evrything he also looked scared. I wondered why after I tell people my dream they got scared every time. Then he said 
"for a young girl like you, that is a very dangerous dream"
Now I was scared of what would happpen then. After he took his time to prosses what he heard he told me to come with him. But he had to tell his assistent first so he wouldn't call the police (again) then he took me to his car and we drove off. I was quiet cause I was nervous. But Chiron tried to get me to talk I stayed quiet.
Whenever i'm nervous its very hard to get me to speak until i'm ok. Once we got there it looked like a big musuem. But when we got inside there was a phycic sitting there like she was expecting us.
I thought that this was a joke but when I sat down she said 
"hello dear I am the Oracle, the person who tells everyone their fate and i'm very accurate so no need to not trust me"
Then she told me to close my eyes. She put two fingers on my forehead and read me. 
"oh no this bad this is really bad can you step out for a minute" she told me.
But I over heard everything. apperently I was in great danger, not that surprising and that I really am not who I thought I was like what the letter said. She also said something about the ocean.
Then Chiron very stressed out grabed my hand and draged me back to the car sweating. When we got back to their camp he grabed me kinda hard on the wrist. Then he said 
"you are something that went extinct a long time ago" very stressed out now.
"what am I, I need to know!" I demended.
Then he yelled "I CAN'T TELL YOU! YOU MUST FIND OUT YOURSELF IF YOU WANT TO KNOW SO BADLY!"
I started trembling. Then he shoved me and I fell. I tried not to cry and left sad, angry, and scared. I walked by Percy's house but I just wanted to go home and stay in my room the rest of the weekend. Percy ran up to me looking concerned, but I was so upset that I screamed at him 
"NO I DON'T WANT TO HEAR WHAT SYMPOTHY YOU HAVE FOR ME!"
Then I stormed off. Once I got to the car that was in front of camp I didn't look back I never wanted to go back there again. When Victoria saw me she also tried to see what was going on but I ignored her. Percy tried to call me like twenty times in the past five minutes. But I ignored them all. I felt kinda bad for ignoring him but I didn't want to talk about what happend anymore and just forget about what happend.
