After a week of walking I started to feel weak. Like really weak but I kept going until I collapsed. Eventually someone found me it was Victoria. "you ok?" I heard her ask. "yeah I think so" I responded. "I still wanna take revange though" "ok calm down it wase'nt even his fault" "really? It wase'nt his fault that he almost killed me?" "umm ok well it was kinda both of you cause if you did'nt call him this woulde'nt have happend and you woulde'nt be here right now" "oh so your saying that it was me, that I did it" "ok but also you know he has minor anger issus" I was still so mad that he tried to kill his own friend. I did'nt even want to try to resolove this anymore cause I knew it would just get worse if we did. But unfortunantly Victoria just had to call him and he always picks up. "hello is anyone there?" asked Victoria. By hearing that I was hoping it was he wase'nt answering. But sadly he did. "what now?" he said. I could hear him over the phone, it was on speaker phone. I could tell he wase'nt in the mood to talk to us right now. But he did anyways. Victoria kept saying that I wanted to talk to him. Which I kinda did but I hid it cause I did'nt want to die for real this time. Then she gave the phone to me. "come on Victoria I don't want to talk to him, he basicly betrayed me!" I said forgetting that it was on speaker mode. "hey! you know I can hear everything your saying right?" he said sounding a little offended. "right...umm I don't think you want to talk to us right now so i'm gonna just-" I was about to hang up but then he said "wait don't I want to apoigize for all...this" " yeah right save it Percy, I don't care what you have to say anymore, you tried to kill me! what part of that do you not understand?" The more I heard him the more I wanted to blow up on him. "yes I know that can I not at least try to resolve this?" But I already hung up after hearing that. "really Marina? you just had to did'nt you" said Victoria. I think she was a little disapointed after I hung up. Then I asked if I could skip school  sacasticly. When I accually had to go back the next day. Not surprisingly Percy followed me again. I don't know what this dude's problem is. But its something because this is not normal person behavior. But I mean he's not really a human maybe that's what his kind does when things like this happen. When he saw me he went crazy, he kept trying to get us alone. Finally I just went with him cause it was the only thing that would have him quiet again. "ok now that I have you alone could you please not cut me off this time" he said. "hmm I don't know" I said. "ok that wase'nt really a question" He explained how he did'nt mean to knock me out and that he was just really angry. But now I was the one that wanted to knock him out. Then he went on about how the ocean blasted him. And that he thought I was an ocean daughter. When I heard that, everything clicked. Thats why Chiron got so mad, and thats why all that water blasted him out. After hearing that I was bascliy pertrified in shock. "umm Marina you ok?" he asked "oh uh yeah i'm fine" I really wase'nt.
