  A few days gone by and i'm still heartbroken. No one has tried to talk to me seince the incident with my mom and all. But eversience it happend I've been feeling a very strong evil growing inside of me. Almost like a "I'm ready to change myself" kind. Not really the "I'm gonna take over the world" kind.
  I've always been kind of on the bad side but never like this. I used to act like I was going to somehow get darkness powers or something but oviously I was just playing, I was still a kid. But now I think I could really go knock down a building or somthing. I know that sounds very fairytale like but when you live in a world like mine, it sounds way more real then in your world.
  What am I saying when I say "your world"?. It sounds pretty ridiculous but belive it or not there are lots of different worlds out there. So am I saying I don't live on earth? Acually, yes I am saying that, Because I don't, I live on planet Cytheria. Its probably one that you've never heard of but its very magical if you ask me and just about anyone. At night you see everything out there. Its very colorful too, you see rings of stary pinks. Almost like how you would imagine a picture of the galaxy but better.
  Anyways, i've been thinking about moving out of here so that way I can start over and no one will be able to find me. Then i'll get rid of all my contacts with everyone I know, get a new number, And just do whatever I'd have to do in order to make sure that nobody knows who I really am. Espatially the fact that I'm an ocean daughter and all.
  I'm a little surpried Percy hasn't tried to contact me at all yet, he's normally that kind of person to always talk to his friends and things like that. Maybe he has somethings going on at his camp or something. Maybe i'll call him and ask him for some advice on how to deal with everything that i'm going though. Just kidding i'm not going to ask him that. But I think I will ask him on how to deal with my mom's dead body.
  "hello? Percy? you there?" I said over the phone waiting for an answer.
  "oh, hey Marina, how's everything with your mom? Is she ok? Did she get the help that she needs?" he asked me.
  "um, about that, I need some help with her" I told him.
  "what do you mean by that?"
  "I mean she died and Victoria is blamming it all on me"
  "But the last time I saw you, you were running like crazy for your phone or something right?"
  "yeah so that way I could try to get help before it was too late"
  "and why didn't you get help in time?"
  "I don't really wanna say why"
  "tell me!"
  "fine, becuase I saw something and ran after it instead"
  "so you didn't get help for your mom so that you can go try to catch something out of your imagination?"
  "yeah, but please don't-"
  "no its fine, I'll talk to you later, much later bye"
  "no! not you too!"
  But he already hung up. He didn't say it but I know he doesn't want to be friends anymore and that, that would be the last time we would talk ever again.
