As I kept ignoring Percy I realized I was making a huge mistake. Part of me told me to call him but also part of me told me to keep ignoring him. I listend to the part that told me to call him. So that's what I did. When he picked up he immeatiatly said "Marina i'm so sorry that happend to you, I know Chiron was scray to you, but I promise he's not always like that, he was just stressed" I did'nt know if I could even trust Percy anymore. After all he's been trained by the horse man his whole life. "I don't know if you know the full stroy so why don't you go ask him and don't talk to me i'm going home!" I yelled over the phone then hung up. I probably made him feel bad but I did'nt care at the time. After that I spent the whole weekend in my room. Once I had to go back to school I promised myself I was not going to talk to anyone for as long as I needed. But not surpringly Percy followed me to my school like he does whenever I got like this. As soon as he saw me he called to me. I acted like I did'nt hear him until I coulden't stand it any longer and walked the other way. After a bit of walking I found the purple light like the one in my dream sitting right there. I thought maybe it contained answers the only thing I wanted in the momment. Evemtually Percy found me and tapped on the shoulder. Then I got so mad that when I turned to him a whole bunch of water carried him far away. I was speechless after seeing that. Then Percy reappered right infront of me upset. "I THOUGHT THE WATERS WERE SUPPOST TO REPECT ME NOT HER!" yelled Percy clearly ready to kill at this point. I was a little offended after hearing that. But I mostly was so shocked about what happend. I could tell Percy was angry. So angry he coulde'nt control himself any longer and ataccted me. "PLEASE DON'T DO THIS YOU DON'T WANT TO DO THIS PLEASE STOP!" I yelled. But he did'nt listen and threw a tumami straight at me. Knowing how powerful he is he knocked me out for two hours. In that two hours I saw me and Percy when we first met. I guess my brain thought I was dying and showed me my best memory of my life. Five minutes before I woke up I felt hot tears of saddness dripping down my face. When I woke up it fourth period just finished. So I had time to get to my locker and do all my stuff. When I went to the restroom I saw that I had a not black but brusied eye. I started crying until someone walked in on me saying that Percy needed me. I was upset and full of pain, I wanted to take revange on my once friend. That was considered betrayal to me. Though I wanted to beat him up, I did'nt want to die so soon. So I went to see what he wanted. Then he said " Marina i'm so sorry for-" but before he could finish I said "NO YOU REALLY THINK I'M GOING TO FORGIVE YOU AFTER YOU ALMOST KILLED ME!?" "please i'm trying to warn you just listen to me even if its the last time you do" pleded Percy. "fine what?" "you need to be carful with your actions everywhere you go from now on" "really thats it?" "I can't tell you anymore about this" "EVERYONE KEEPS SAYING THAT I'M SO SICK OF HEARING IT I DON'T EVEN WANT TO KNOW ANYMORE!" After that I ran home, packed my things, and left with no destination.
