  After a few months of working on a certain achivement I decided it was time for a break. So I took myself out on a trip to a place like Hawaii but its called Angria and I stayed there for a few weeks. It was going great until I got a call from Victoria.
  "hello?" I answered not knowing who it was. 
  "hey Marina I don't know if you remember me but I just wanted to say please don't do what it looks like you might do" she asked me desprately.
  "um, who is this?" I asked.
  "your old friend Victoria" 
  "AND YOUR CALLING ME NOW? AFTER MONTHS SIENCE IT HAPPEND! NOW?"
  "yes I know its probably a very akward time right now but-"
  "YEAH RIGHT NOW! EVER SIENCE THEN ITS BEEN AKWARD AND YOUR CALLING ME NOW!" 
  I hung up on her when someone who looked about sixteen walked up to me and asked me if I was ok. I was a little annoyed but I had the same vibe from her as I used to get from Victoria back when we were best friends. So I asked her name and she said it was Evanya. I told her who I was and then I ended up spending my whole rest of my trip with her. 
  We joked around about that thing that I acually will do, but she doesn't and will never know. I felt a little bad for lying to her so badly but I don't want her to become suspitious of me so I had to hide it. One day I was driving around with her (I was in the passenger seat) when Evanya started asking really weird things such as "why are you always so quie?t" or "why do you always wear black?" I thought she was just wondering things about me or something. But nope of course its becuase she was on to me. I had a feeling that she was on to me but I just ignored it and tried to change the subject.
  "hello? Marina, are you in there?" said Evanya. But I guess I was too deep in thought becuase she had to shove me into the door for me to respond.
  "oh my gosh Evanya your gonna make us crash!" I told her.
  "chill Mar your gonna get a heart attack if you keep acting like that. You just have to not be so reactive sometimes" she told me. 
  "why don't you not shove me into the door then?" I said.
  "thats what I mean. It was just a light nudge and yet your getting all mad at me like  I hurt you or somthing"
  "how did I get stuck with you Ev?"
