Know this before you know what crazy things i've seen and went through. I'm an ocean daughter but when I found out, I wanted to denie it so many times. I even tried to run away to a whole new contry and change my idendity. But I got caught sneaking out that night. Anyways, if you want to be an ocean daughter I suggest you stick to your normal life. Don't try to do any spells or anything like that, even the ones you find on the internet that probably don't even work. But if you really want to know what being an ocean daughter if like then i'll tell you.
I am Marina Delmar fourth dautgher of the sea. I am very ambitious and kind. I always go with the flow when it comes to just about anything. Weather its what the class wants to ethier go outside for our freetime or if we should audition for chior with me and a few friends.
But here's my real story. One day I was just walking to school like any other day but on that day something felt different. I didn't exacly feel like I was safe but I just ignored it. Once I got to school theres normaly a 20 minute wait so I called Victoria ( my best friend sience 7th grade) When she picked up the phone I told Victoria. 
"hurry up" I replied.
But she already hung up. Luckily she got there just in time. 
"you really need to try getting here earlier. I said
"I know but I always find a way to be late I guess" said Victoria.
At first period I felt like the teachers weren't really themselves. They were acting very protective twards me for some reason and so was Victoria.
During my Spainish class something about this teacher felt even more off then the others. Almost like their keeping a close eye on me even though I haven't done anything that i'm aware of. Finally she asked 
"Marina will you please step out for a moment with me"
It was at that moment I got so scared because i've never been called like this before. This was so scary I thought I was gonna get suspended for no reason just because they were annoyed that I was there. 
"please miss I didn't do anything please don't kick me out for the rest of the week. I pleaded
"no no i'm not gonna do that I just wanted to talk to you about something in privet" she told me
The more she spoke the more nervous I got. I thought she was gonna tell me that I was some hybrid goddess superhero thing like in the books  "Percy Jackson and the Olympians" ( A real sieres I read) When Victoria saw that I was gone she went looking for me thinking 
"did she find out whats going on this never happend to her before"
Then she ran off looking for me like she was gonna die if she didn't find me in the next five seconds or so. Thankfully she didn't die. Finally I asked 
"what?"
But I didn't hear anything after that. Maybe I was just hearing things cause i'm that nervous. 
"Understand?" asked my teacher.
Have I really been so scard that I didn't hear what she said? But I still akwardly agreed to something I don't even know what. When I got home Victoria came to my house and said 
"don't ask me why but I need to stay here with you for a really long time"
I was so confuesed but I said ok and let her in. When she met my mom she immadtiatedly said 
"hey Victoria"
like they already knoew eachother. 
"I'm sorry have you guys met?" I asked
"um don't worry about that hone" said my mom
"uhh as her best friend I should know that" I said feeling a bit offended.
"you'll know soon enough" said my mom a bit akwardly.
I didn't really know what she ment by that but I trusted her only because she's my mom. I went to my room cause I was tired from everything and stressed. A few minuets later Victoria came into my room to apoligize even though she didn;t really do anything.
Maybe she saw my mom walking around when she was walking to school and they met that way. I didn't want to keep thinking about it anymore. 
"Marina, are you upset?" asked Victoria
"uhh no...why?" I replied.
"oh ok just making sure" Then she left.
I thought that was really wired, shes never just came into my room like that when she came over before. She would usually knock first. Maybe she thought that just because she "lives" here now hat she can just go wherever she wants. But I guess thats ok for now so she can explore the house and all. 
"Marina!" called my mom.
"what now?" I replied.
"come down here"
"fine"
As I was heading downstaris I noticed something was strange again. I sensed that my mom was scared for me or something like that. 
"I'm here what?" I said a little bit annoyed.
"Nothing just wondering have you been feeling any different lately?" asked my mom.
"umm no..." I said a little suspistious of her now.
"oh ok". When I went to bed that night I had the strangest dream ever.
